Wow you know these look I
I always thought these were made of
metal but these are really cheap what
are you doing nothing
why are you so paranoid it's good to see
you
let's not touch again this trophy looks
almost like it's made out of Lego tell
me about your Super Bowl viewing
experience yesterday and your
prefabricated home you know you never
miss an opportunity
I built a home in a day this really
there are two things that get Jimmy you
ready one is that I live in a
prefabricated home that was built in a
day
kills him because it took a nose it took
three years the other is that I was
going to start the beep
don't tell them what your angle was
though the angle was it was gonna be not
nicotine cuz that's bad for kids right
what was the baby was gonna be like
vitamin C vitamin B right flavor there's
no in the morning before the kids went
to school like don't forget to vape your
vitamin C your petite and it seemed like
a good idea how it turned out the babies
were killing but Jimmy I'm sorry love it
an inside joke hole here yeah and that
inside joke being your actual life but
yeah will true that tell me about Bojack
horseman because sure the last the last
six episodes let's start sitting like
Trump you know why does that so that the
tide is at rest on his stomach he's all
going straight down oh that's why yeah
is that what the Tyson so the Tigers
long which is why it's the tape it
because he's already missed the run to
tuck it in it's the the the the short at
the narrow end is too short because he's
made it long term so it doesn't go cuz
if he's back like this it's gonna go
like this right so he's got it hanging
straight down cuz he wears lifts as well
that's why he does the thing where he's
always like this and so that the tie
goes and doesn't it's a it's an old
choke the guys in show business as much
as he hates talking you know people in
show business he's in show we'll noses
cuz they're really good friends I yeah
they're really by the way really good
friends all I'm saying is one more kind
of piece of bad news I might not vote
for him
I might not write your problem anyway
because you because I'm a filthy
Canadian that's what you're gonna say
Phil do you really know a pretty clean
Canadian oh you are you are now a part
of the Canada Walk of Fame true story
which is like thank you but for a whole
nation the whole nation not just
Hollywood the Canada's Walk if the hand
is walk I've been embraced by the entire
nation can you know what that's like
Denis embraced by a name I have no idea
it's unbelievable it's like this big
warm simultaneously chilly cuz it's
quite cold embrace that's amazing and it
feels yeah I was incredible I went up
there I did in the Hollywood Walk of
Fame I did a speech for Bateman for
Jason for Jason Bateman in his honor
yeah I spoke in his honor mhm were you
there I was out there I were out of town
I don't know I think I was invited were
you not in but there's no way you
weren't invited
anyway good you're good friends with
Jason Bateman as well but I I went to
that that the Hollywood Walk of Fame
thing it feels like it's produced out of
the back of a van I mean it's it's
pretty but no it's true wait who got
offended boy well it really takes
anything these days right this one is a
very elegant affair who's very elegant I
was there with my dad
uh-huh we were watching we had Mark
Messier was getting his his sister was
doing his his speech was really nice so
he got Mark Messier who are the other
Canadian Frank Gehry Mark Messier Wow
triumph the band Sidney Clausen who's a
speed skater gosh I'm missing I'm gonna
this is really looks like a television
host yeah mr. dressup mr. dressup yeah
witness Effie you sent me the clip up
right before it came out by the way if
you never see mr. Tressler butcher I
haven't seen that okay but it was
surprising yes it is it's a very it's
like a weird Canadian mr. Rogers yes
that's it that's quite a that's quite
accurate I know it's backstage getting
ready in the night I'm like oh what's
Kimmel sending me and like oh he finds
this strange yeah but yeah but so then I
watch and my dad where I'm sitting my
dad's gotta go up here when it's my turn
he
my dad's gonna do a sort of intro speech
and I see Mark Messier the great hockey
player and his sisters induct him and
his friends and it's quite there it's
very nice and touching moment they sort
of hug and kiss my my dad trans men he
goes by the way when you come up you
don't have to hug me true story and I
said oh okay thanks dad
and like just off of the distance I
could hear cat's in the cradle playing
[Laughter]
so I go up totally true and I go up and
with my dad hands it's me a nice speech
any hands it's me innit
and I'm just like good and I just go by
the way my dad told me that I don't need
to hug images you're wondering why I'm
not is your dad like he doesn't like to
express yeah machen the guy yeah yeah
yeah my dad look my dad's a great guy we
get along great we have a great but you
know I could not see my dad for years
he's like hey pal no really you do it
yeah Wow I know God bless is that where
you got the bureau thing you're up
we created this movie that has this
alien inside it's time for your build to
meet the bat man
[Applause]
[Laughter]
leggo masters and premieres Wednesday
fog so I felt really I would I would say
to parents out because I have a couple
kids of course and I've spent a lot of
time building Lego with them and it
feels really great if you want to let
off a little steam go out go down to the
playroom with a bath you got a pretty
good form for a Canadian yeah I'm and
face ball bat I don't know a lot of
people did you say I'm again gifted
athlete I don't know by the way I I
didn't want to say this before this is
not the Super Bowl this is the Grey Cup
this guy made this thing in like like
three hours or something he's a
legitimate incredible and these are the
people you have on the show these are
not it's not kids doing late no no this
is this is adults no kids allowed kids
were not allowed anywhere we set out we
set up a perimeter and I'm gonna say
just to keep the kids out we said
because kids are what they love Lego
uh-huh so we what we do is we entice it
and then we don't let them in I say toys
room no but actually was great because I
there are no kid contestants on the show
but I didn't have it was great cuz my
kids came a lot which is fun because you
know we have three million pieces on set
of Lego and so you know it's a it's a
dream just for an adult don't think it's
it's it's passed me that you keep saying
Lego instead of Legos is that the point
Legos is that what they told you you
must refer to it as Legos oh you're
talking me at this point yeah yeah I
just laid that trap Kimmo dig adults are
building the Lego yeah there we go look
who's on board now and
and and the boys come by you're saying
about actually was truly was you know
I'm wearing an earpiece in there as
they're sort of talk to me cuz it's a
shown there like make sure to go over
here whatever and I'm there talking to a
contestant at which point I hear that
I'm like oh my god it's Archie is in my
ear and I'm like I can't say anything
except this guy's prints I'm talking to
me and he goes if you can hear me move
your left arm and I'm like like this as
we're doing this show and then he's like
okay yeah now just nod
now shake now shake shake one more and
switch your weight and then they'll cut
and go up like hey man when I'm talking
to somebody you can't be in my ear very
confused and a good call on the
producers part to pull let him inhaled
yeah on the mic you know why because I'm
talent Jimmy and nobody says no to
talent that's right let's go to
commercial it's super super fun you know
what is funny I've never done anything
like this before and when they first
came to me and they said would you want
to host this show I thought I don't know
I don't know how to do it it's very
seems very difficult it's not really
anything I've done but I did the three
Lego movies and I had such a great time
doing it and Legos become such a great
part of my life and a great part of my
kid's life and it's super fun and
watching these people actually build
something was a knew that it was gonna
be that that people would be into it and
I thought kind of late breaking I was
like you know what yes let's do it and I
ended up having an unbelievably fun time
with Lego with Lego good job that's
really impressive you remembered
something from 15 seconds
[Applause]
little asterisk on Fox over the right
leg with Damian Williams in there
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it